POD                                      NAME                          CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
ovnkube-control-plane-54c68569bc-gwpgm   POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-control-plane-54c68569bc-gwpgm   kube-rbac-proxy               0m           23Mi            
ovnkube-control-plane-54c68569bc-gwpgm   ovnkube-cluster-manager       0m           34Mi            
ovnkube-control-plane-54c68569bc-jxf9j   POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-control-plane-54c68569bc-jxf9j   kube-rbac-proxy               0m           21Mi            
ovnkube-control-plane-54c68569bc-jxf9j   ovnkube-cluster-manager       0m           44Mi            
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       kube-rbac-proxy-node          0m           22Mi            
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics   0m           20Mi            
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       nbdb                          1m           6Mi             
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       northd                        0m           7Mi             
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       ovn-acl-logging               0m           1Mi             
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       ovn-controller                0m           14Mi            
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       ovnkube-controller            7m           80Mi            
ovnkube-node-2fv96                       sbdb                          1m           10Mi            
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       kube-rbac-proxy-node          0m           23Mi            
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics   0m           22Mi            
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       nbdb                          1m           6Mi             
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       northd                        0m           7Mi             
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       ovn-acl-logging               0m           1Mi             
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       ovn-controller                0m           16Mi            
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       ovnkube-controller            6m           88Mi            
ovnkube-node-bnfvq                       sbdb                          1m           9Mi             
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       kube-rbac-proxy-node          0m           20Mi            
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics   0m           21Mi            
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       nbdb                          1m           3Mi             
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       northd                        0m           8Mi             
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       ovn-acl-logging               0m           1Mi             
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       ovn-controller                0m           11Mi            
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       ovnkube-controller            11m          92Mi            
ovnkube-node-crpn4                       sbdb                          1m           8Mi             
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       kube-rbac-proxy-node          0m           20Mi            
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics   0m           19Mi            
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       nbdb                          2m           3Mi             
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       northd                        0m           8Mi             
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       ovn-acl-logging               0m           1Mi             
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       ovn-controller                0m           13Mi            
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       ovnkube-controller            9m           89Mi            
ovnkube-node-czhrl                       sbdb                          1m           8Mi             
ovnkube-node-jks98                       POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-node-jks98                       kube-rbac-proxy-node          0m           25Mi            
ovnkube-node-jks98                       kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics   0m           21Mi            
ovnkube-node-jks98                       nbdb                          1m           7Mi             
ovnkube-node-jks98                       northd                        0m           8Mi             
ovnkube-node-jks98                       ovn-acl-logging               0m           3Mi             
ovnkube-node-jks98                       ovn-controller                0m           15Mi            
ovnkube-node-jks98                       ovnkube-controller            9m           100Mi           
ovnkube-node-jks98                       sbdb                          1m           9Mi             
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       POD                           0m           0Mi             
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       kube-rbac-proxy-node          0m           21Mi            
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics   0m           20Mi            
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       nbdb                          1m           3Mi             
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       northd                        0m           8Mi             
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       ovn-acl-logging               0m           1Mi             
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       ovn-controller                0m           10Mi            
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       ovnkube-controller            10m          88Mi            
ovnkube-node-twdpb                       sbdb                          1m           8Mi             
